Content and image license agrement

The terms set out in this Agreement govern the terms between Firsteye and the User 
in connection with the use of the Images. When an Order is made by a User the Order 
shall constitute a legally binding agreement between the User and Firsteye on the 
terms and conditions set out below.

Firsteye is the company behind www.hdri-locations.com


1. DEFINITIONS

1.1 The following definitions shall have the following meanings:

"Agreement" 	Means this content and image licence agreement

"Image" 	Means each individual image, film, video, footage, visual 
		representation or file downloaded from the Website by the User 
		which comprises all or any part of the Content

"Content" 	Means any (and all) and any element of images, including backplate 
		images and HDRi images whether generated optically, electronically, 
		digitally or otherwise including without limitation negatives, 
		transparencies, film imprints, prints original digital files, or 
		in any media or other material that the User downloaded or purchased 
		from the Website together with any accompanying material and licensed 
		to the User by Firsteye under the terms of this Agreement.

"Order" 	Means the image order form, identified as such on the Website, used 
		by the User to place an order for Content.

"Permitted Use" Means the permitted use of the Content set out in clause 3

"User" 		Means any person who downloads the Content from the Website

"Website" 	Means www.hdri-locations.com

1.2 Any terms set out on the Website shall form part of this Agreement. 




2. GRANT OF LICENCE

2.1 	Firsteye hereby grants to the User a non-exclusive royalty free restricted 
	licence to use the Content in accordance with the terms and conditions set 
	out in this Agreement.

2.2 	You may only use the Content for those specified purposes which are Permitted 
	Uses (as defined below). Any use of the Content that is not a Permitted Use 
	shall constitute infringement of copyright.

2.3 	The licence set out in clause 2.1 above is subject to the following conditions: 

2.3.1 	Only the User is permitted to use the Content although the user may transfer 
	files containing the Content to its clients (Commercial license only), printers, 
	or ISP for the purpose of reproduction for the Permitted Uses, provided that 
	such parties shall have no further or additional rights to use the Content 
	and cannot access or extract it from any file provided to them.

2.3.2 	User may install and use the Content in only one location at a time save as 
	to the exception in clause 2.3.3/2.3.4.

2.3.3 	User may physically transfer the Content and its archives from one location 
	to another, in which case the Content may be used at the new location instead. 
	If the Content is required to be in more than one location or accessible by 
	more than one person, it must be downloaded from Firsteye for each such 
	location/use.

2.3.4 	User may make a maximum of one (1) copy of the Content solely for back-up 
	purposes, and the User must reproduce all proprietary notices on this single 
	back-up copy.

2.3.5 	User uses the Content strictly in accordance with the terms of this Agreement. 




3. PERMITTED USE

3.1 	The User may use the Content for the following purposes:-

3.1.1 	Advertising, promotional and marketing; including printed materials, product 
	packaging, presentations, film and video presentations, commercials, catalogues, 
	brochures, promotional greeting cards and promotional postcards. (Permitted 
	only with purchase of commercial license)

3.1.2 	Education (non-profit making).

3.1.3 	Non-commercial publications; including on–line or electronic publications, 
	including web pages.

3.1.4 	Non-commercial illustration.

3.1.5 	Entertainment applications, such as books and book covers, magazines, 
	newspapers, editorials, newsletters, and video, broadcast and theatrical 
	presentations. (Permitted only with purchase of commercial license)

3.2 	The Content shall not be used otherwise than in accordance with the terms of 
	this Agreement.
 



4. LICENSE PROHIBITION

4.1 	The User shall not:

4.1.1 	sub-licence, sell, assign or transfer this Licence nor any of the Content;

4.1.2 	allow any reproduction of the Content save as authorised as a permitted under 
	clause 3 of this Agreement;

4.1.3 	display or use any of the Content on or within any products for onward sale, 
	licence or profit making or commercial purpose.

4.1.4 	represent itself as being the original creator, owner or exclusive licensee 
	of the Content;

4.1.5 	incorporate any of the Content in any logo, trade mark, service mark, device 
	or design;

4.1.6 	modify, reverse engineer, reconfigure, decompile or disassemble any part of 
	the Content.

4.1.7 	use any part of the Content in any way which could reasonably bring Firsteye 
	into disrepute.

4.1.8 	integrate any part of the Content to create content or images which could at 
	the complete discretion of Firsteye be deemed to be;
  	
	i) harmful to others
	ii) unflattering
	iii) pornographic
	iv) defamatory
	v) offensive
	vi) or otherwise unlawfu

4.1.9 	use or allow or omit to prevent any of the Content to be used otherwise than 
	in accordance with the Permitted Uses;

4.1.10 	save as to clause 2.1 allow any person to use the Content;

4.1.11 	use the Content in a way which would or could breach the rights of any third 
	party;

4.1.12 	post a copy of the Content on a network server or web server for use by other 
	users;

4.1.13 	use or display the Content in an electronic format that enables it to be 
	downloaded or distributed via mobile devices or shared in any peer-to-peer or 
	similar file sharing arrangement;

4.1.14 	use the Content as the main motive in any type of publication, whether 
	electronically or physically. All Content and Images is/are to be used as 
	background motives into which the main motive is to be inserted. Failure to 
	comply with this clause (and subsequently the Danish Copyright Act § 24) may 
	be met with claims for compensation, remuneration and/or damages according 
	to applicable law.




5. INTELLECTUAL PROPERTY RIGHTS

5.1 	All intellectual property rights in and connection with the Content (including 
	without limitation Firsteye trademark and trade name) shall belong to Firsteye 
	absolutely and save as set out under the terms of the licence granted under 
	this Agreement no copyright or other intellectual property rights shall vest 
	with the User. 



6. EXCESS USAGE

6.1 	If the User is in breach of sub clauses 2.3 Firsteye reserve the right to 
	terminate this Agreement.

6.2 	If the User uses the Content for any commercial and/or profit making purpose 
	the User shall be liable to account to Firsteye for the royalties it would have 
	received had Firsteye granted a Royalty Licence to the User.

6.3 	At all times throughout the term of this Agreement Firsteye reserves the right to 
	make enquiries of the use of the Content by the User and the User hereby agrees 
	to fully co-operate with Firsteye in any investigation and the User shall 
	promptly provide full details.



7. LIMITATION OF LIABILITY

7.1 	Firsteye hereby warrants that it has made every effort to ensure that the 
	Images are freely available for use by the User and free from any third party 
	claims or restrictions however it does not warrant that the Content is free 
	from any such third party claims and restrictions.

7.2 	The User hereby acknowledges that by downloading any Image from the Website 	
	it accepts that claims or restrictions may be made or imposed on the User by 
	any third party who has any proprietary right in any Image or the Content and 
	that any Permitted Use of such material is subject to any third party 
	proprietary rights.

7.3 	Firsteye shall not be liable to the User for any direct or indirect consequential 
	losses (which shall include without limitation direct and indirect costs and 
	expenses incurred as a consequence of using the Content and loss of time) 
	which the User may suffer or incur as a result of any claims, requests or 
	restrictions (including without limitation any request to cease using any 
	Image or the Content by Firsteye or any third party) imposed in connection 
	with the use of the Content.

7.4 	In the event of any dispute by any third party regarding the use of the Content 
	Firsteye shall be entitled to divulge the identity of the User to any third 
	party who obtains a court order or other such direction for the release of such 
	information by Firsteye.

7.5 	Firsteye may in its absolute discretion offer any similar alternative Content 
	free of charge to the User in the event that the original Image or Content 
	downloaded from the Website is withdrawn by Firsteye or any third party.

7.6 	Firsteye’s entire liability under this Agreement shall be limited to the price paid 
	for the Content.   
 


8. TERMINATION

8.1 	This Agreement is effective until it is terminated. The User can terminate 
	this Agreement by destroying the Content, along with any copies or archives of 
	it and ceasing to use the Content for any purpose.

8.2 	The Agreement also terminates without notice from Firsteye if at any time the 
	User fails to comply with any of its terms. Upon termination, the User must 
	immediately:

8.2.1 		cease using the Content for any purpose;

8.2.2 		destroy or delete all copies and archives of the Content; and

8.2.3 		if requested, confirm to Firsteye in writing that it has complied 
		with these requirements.

8.3 	Firsteye reserves the right to elect at a later date to revoke or amend the 
	license granted by this Agreement and replace the Content with an alternative 
	for any reason. The User agrees not to use the replaced Content, and to take 
	all reasonable steps to discontinue use of the replaced Content, which already 
	exists.  



9. USER'S INDEMNITY

9.1 	The User hereby agrees that it will fully comply with any requests or restrictions 
	made or imposed by any third party in connection with the use of any Image or 
	the Content and the User shall indemnify, keep indemnified and hold harmless 
	Firsteye against any and all claims, damages, costs, expenses, penalties and 
	fines that Firsteye may suffer or incur as a consequence of the User’s failure 
	to fully comply with any requests, demands or restrictions made or imposed by any 
	third party in connection with the use of any such Image or Content.

9.2 	The User agrees to indemnify, defend and hold Firsteye, its affiliates, its 
	content providers and their respective directors, officers, employees, shareholders, 
	partners and agents (collectively, the “Firsteye Parties”) harmless from and 
	against any and all claims, liability, losses, damages, costs and expenses (including 
	reasonable legal fees on a solicitor and client basis) incurred by any Firsteye 
	Party as a result of or in connection with any breach by the User or anyone acting 
	on the User’s behalf of any of the terms of this Agreement.  

 


10. LAW

10.1 	This Agreement shall be governed by the laws of Denmark and any dispute in connection 
	with this Agreement shall be submitted to the exclusive jurisdiction of the Danish 
	courts.



11. SEVERABILITY

11.1 	If any one or more of these provisions contained in this Agreement are found to be 
	unenforceable in any respect the validity of the remaining terms shall remain in 
	full force and effect.



12. ENTIRE AGREEMENT

12.1 	The contents of this Agreement constitute the entire agreement between the parties 
	hereto.



13. CONTACT

13.1 	If the User has any concerns relating to this Agreement contact Thomas Suurland a
	t info@hdri-locations.com.



